Imagine a new born baby. In the first years of his life, he will perform an enormouse amount of learning 
and his brain would physically change the most.

He needs to learn how to eat, how to burp, how to wave and clap and point, how to sit, he learns facial 
expressions, what makes his mommy laugh and so on...

Now imagine his mom walking down the street with the baby in the stroller. Whenever someone with a 
dog passes by, the mother points to the dog and says: "Look! that's a dog."
She does this in many occasions, in different sceneries and evantually the baby can spot a dog on 
his own, he points and says "dog!". He than recieves positive feedback- the mother is excited and 
says "Yes! a dog!".

This is a called a supervised learning process. Just like the little baby, we can teach a MACHINE new 
things in a similar manner. We can input a program with a lot of dog images and also images than 
don't contain a dog.We will tag each image with "Dog" or "Not a dog" accordingly. If the machine will 
recieve enough varied amount of dogs and not-dogs- it will be able to classify new images itself. 
It's called "supervied learning" because the input is tagged (just like the mother points to the dog 
and says "dog") and when the machine trains, it recieves feedback (like the mother's feedback).

There are two kinds of problems in supervised learning: regression and classification. 

Classification is a problem in which the answer is categorical- you know excactly what are the 
possibilities and it's countable. It's just like classifying dog images: either the answer is 
"Dog" or "Not a dog", there are two possibilities. This is called binary classification.

Regression is a problem in which the number of possibilities in not certain, it is sequential.

Examples for supervised learning: 
Classification:
1. predict possibilities for diseases.
2. classify different fruits.
3. classify tweets for possitive or negative.

Regression:
1. predict house pricing.
2. predict insurance cost.
3. predict stock prices.


This time, imagine the little baby in his playpen, playing with his toys. He can, on his own, study 
the toys and realize which toys have the same color. He doesn't need his mom to tell him that the blue 
teddy bear and the blue duck have the same color- he can tell it on his own. 

This is called unsupervised learning, where one studies features of objects and learns to attribute 
them to different groups. Here as well, there are two kinds of unsupervised learning problems. Clustering 
is a problem in which you need to ascribe each object to one group. Association is a problem in 
which you need to ascribe each element to appropriate groups, meaning an object can belong to several 
groups.

Examples of unsupervised learning:
Clustering:
1. devide images of fruits to groups.
2. devide different days to seasons.

Association:
1. maket basket analysis: find items that are bought together.
2. ascribe instagram posts to tags: happy, sad, angry, food, trip, vactions...


